hey everyone son back once again and
welcome to another video on the series
videos I'm doing for the Samsung Galaxy
Xcover which if you don't realize this
is the rugged phone so basically it can
be submerged in water for one meet up to
half an hour I wouldn't recommend doing
it personal and Irene ought to just to
just to do it but if you drop it in a
puddle whatever it may be I'll be fine
so what we're going to do in this video
you just show you some of the game of
farmers on this phone so what I've got
is I've got two games I'm sure what
Angry Birds looks like and also drag
racing so going to give you a bit of a
scope on two different games so first
things first times I've been playing
angry birds here so we shall go back
anyway yes also we're back at the
beginning so we'll start the beginning
again and we jumped straight into it so
we'll skip this part here and all those
will zoom in so hopefully you can see
that I'm come with that so what I'm
gonna do is obviously just drag this
back here let him fly job done and there
were Gus so hopefully get complete the
first our first time yeah you got me
yeah took its time so the high score
previous it was 61 I was actually got
better last time so we'll obviously go
to the next level and let's just show
you how fluid it actually is so and
again it's not the most intensive game
in the world but it does need a certain
level of specification for it to
actually run once again will Paul abide
by back you're a little bit of story if
you saw there but nothing major he's a
mean I'm very pleasing on the eye to see
this yeah and as you can see I've got a
lot better score that time so we'll go
to the next one will make this last
level and while I'm sure the next game
as well
so we almost gone oops that was a real
bitch shot son she'll be sheared
yourself son so we got in that time and
up for her yeah there we go so we got on
that again let's just show Angry
Birds re of chores real on purpose
because he's more intensive than the
standard Angry Birds gear and again it
doesn't need the high specification fun
out there but it needs a certain level
of fun for a tactically run honor you
know on a smooth basis and this seems to
perform pretty well if you ask me so
next game we're going to try we're going
to try drag racing which dr is also free
on android market zooming again so we
can do rear Sky Ride settings and
obviously start sores got straight to
race now gonna see it's the first time
I've used a scam I want to chose this
one cuz he seemed a bit more intensive
so choose your car we like the look of a
by UK first even say gotta borrow and
think the car care abaco whatnot one so
we'll go test drive so I believe of
cysts and stop I think that someone
there you have to go up and down here or
something
and I'm gonna get my ass kicked
yeah so I kind of sucked on that one
maximum speed under an 18 and not sixty
six point three that was pretty rubbish
wonder she will try that again we'll try
it with the different car it looks like
quicken online I will test Travis when
he's dead then shall we so once again
well hover get here we go
oh my word that was a rubbish one wasn't
it
can we ever catch em all no not a chance
so as you can see there I kind of suck
at that game did a bit better at that
time I got a lot higher scar that time
anywhere it's our toll and ya ruff was
saying there to be honest with you so I
want only second behind so yeah as you
can see gaming on these phones not my
strong point if you seen any my other
videos and really the galaxy's to your
videos gammon and touch screen is not
really my forte so to speak but that's
just to give you a quick brief you know
look at what gaming will look like on
the Samsung Galaxy Xcover any questions
once again hit me up down below tweet me
out some j pollen which just here just
got following on twitter and yet
subscribe like all that good stuff all
links in the description for facebook
google+ you name it's all down there and
once again thank you to go mob office
and MIT tumor go check them out again go
mobile com anyway people thanks for
watching and i shall see you in the next
video cheers everyone
you